I’m walking into a dimly lit room. A big oaken door with two big-chested guards awaiting my arrival. Their expressions are stoic one with a rather puckered face with cauliflower ears from having taken a few wayward swings, the other was much bigger but had a sort of hot air to him. He held a grimace and stared me down. His muscles were well sculpted and defined through his suit. These were definitely the work of hours at the gym carefully sculpting each muscle. However, I must say if I was in a fight I’d rather have the other guy guarding my back.

I’ve been tasked to act as the double for the head of the flying dragon. We’re a notorious gang running along Chinatown and the Asian populations of Queens New York. We’re hungry, displaced and look out for our own kind. We don’t mess with the white folks and keep our dealings local. I’m entering a talk with a big triad over in China, it was shady business and the boss didn’t want to get his hands dirty. How I ended up in this rut pretending to be the don is not the best of circumstances.

I mean I’ve been a footman, the frontline of extortion and hired manpower but these mental games were not my forte. Ask me to break some windows and make people cower and I can get it done. Well I need to be the spitting image of the boss. He’s well mannered, articulate and god damn smart.

I looked to each side of me, with my hired hands. Two white folks dressed in all black with shades. I pushed open the door, it was surprisingly light and I pushed with too much strength flinging open the room door. The room was silent. It was a graying haired Asian man with his few remaining hairs slicked back. His frame has grown smaller and his tailored suit stuck to his body. He scoped me out eyes looking top and bottom. He closed his eyes as if shutting me out.

I gave my most stone cold expression and gave my greetings. Formalities is important as my boss has told me.
“My name is Chengxi I am here to settle the business at hand.”

“Calm yourself, Well sit down and we can figure out the arrangements.” The old man said.

From inside the room I sat calmly resting in the armchair. I stroke my grayed hair backwards as I awaited the young upstart from America. They say he’s a flying dragon, they use our heritage without really understanding where they’ve came from. Alas business is business. The doors flung open with a grandiose entrance. A stout big man with two giants walked in. I grimaced and did a double take. I looked beside at my two henchmen. They were roughly 5 ‘10 and lean. So this is what they’re rolling in America. Their bosses are tough to make it with the blacks and latinos out there.
“Let’s settle 10 shipments of opium in mooncake containers my two men here will smuggle it into the states, just in time for the lunar new year.” he said
After a long pause. 
“I will provide the shipments at a 75% cut of profits upfront.” I said

This was going smoother than expected. I might actually be really good at this. I didn’t realize the backroom was like this. My boss always made these war rooms seem full of mystique. He did say never to respond right away. Consider it and give a flat response even if you thought of nothing.

30 seconds went by then a minute.

“That can be arranged we’ll wire the money in tomorrow.”

“Fantastic we will prepare the shipments for the week after, I expect the money by the end of the week.”

I watched as the huge slightly cumbersome man walked out the door. These men from America do not know business but they’ve been definitely having a field day over there. They must have more money lying around then they know what to do with. It almost feels a little bad cheating this man, he seemed full of spirit. These Americans really don’t know anything about the real world.

“Boss its at a 25/75 cut.”

“What did you just say.”

“We’re getting 25% boss It actually went so smoothly.”

“He took you a fool, we’re taking on all the risk, distributing and smuggling and there’s no trace for him and he’s going to be taking it all. We look like clowns. How could you think like me if you can’t even consider the consequences.”




